docs(common): Document the rendering changes in 5.2.0 (#2043)
telerik/blazor-docs: upgrade/rendering-changes/5-2-0.md

                    &lt;li class="k-drawer-item"&gt;...&lt;/li&gt;
                &lt;/ul&gt;
            &lt;/div&gt;
        &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;div class="k-drawer-content"&gt;...&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</code></pre>
            </td>
            <td style="vertical-align:top">
<pre><code>
&lt;div class="k-drawer-container"&gt;
    &lt;div class="k-drawer"&gt;
        &lt;div class="k-drawer-wrapper"&gt;

            &lt;ul <strong>class="k-drawer-items"</strong>&gt;
                &lt;li class="k-drawer-item <strong>k-level-0</strong>"&gt;...&lt;/li&gt;
                &lt;li class="k-drawer-item k-level-0"&gt;...&lt;/li&gt;
                &lt;li class="k-drawer-item k-level-0"&gt;...&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;/ul&gt;

        &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;div class="k-drawer-content"&gt;...&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</code></pre>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## DropDownButton and SplitButton

The `ul.k-menu-group` element in the popup no longer renders `k-group` and `k-reset` CSS classes.

## FloatingLabel

The `label.k-label` element renders as `label.k-floating-label`.

## Grid

> The data rows (`tr.k-table-row`) render a `.k-master-row` CSS class only in hierarchy scenarios when the Grid has a `<DetailTemplate>`.

Author: May not be necessary

<pre><code>
&lt;button class="k-button"&gt;
    10
&lt;/button&gt;
&lt;button class="k-button"&gt;
    ...
&lt;/button&gt;
</code></pre>
            </td>
            <td style="vertical-align:top">
<pre><code>
&lt;button class="k-button"&gt;
    <strong>&lt;span class="k-button-text"&gt;10&lt;/span&gt;</strong>
&lt;/button&gt;
&lt;button class="k-button"&gt;
    <strong>&lt;span class="k-button-text"&gt;...&lt;/span&gt;</strong>
&lt;/button&gt;
</code></pre>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## PanelBar

* Expanded items (`li.k-panelbar-item`) render a `k-expanded` CSS class instead of `k-state-expanded`.
* Child item groups (`ul.k-panelbar-group`) no longer render `k-group` and `k-panel` CSS classes.
* The [`<ContentTemplate>` wrapper]({%slug panelbar-templates-content%}) (`div.k-panelbar-content`) no longer renders a `k-content` CSS class.

## Scheduler

* The Scheduler `div.k-scheduler-layout` element renders a `k-scheduler-dayview` or `k-scheduler-weekview` CSS class when the component shows its Day view or Week view, respectively.

## Switch

The `span.k-switch` element no longer renders a `k-rounded-full` CSS class.

## TreeList

> The data rows (`tr.k-table-row`) render a `.k-master-row` CSS class only if they are expandable.

Author: May not be necessary

        <tr>
            <th>UI for Blazor 5.1.1</th>
            <th>UI for Blazor 5.2.0</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td style="vertical-align:top">
<pre><code>
&lt;button class="k-button"&gt;
    10
&lt;/button&gt;
&lt;button class="k-button"&gt;
    ...
&lt;/button&gt;
</code></pre>
            </td>
            <td style="vertical-align:top">
<pre><code>
&lt;button class="k-button"&gt;
    <strong>&lt;span class="k-button-text"&gt;10&lt;/span&gt;</strong>
&lt;/button&gt;
&lt;button class="k-button"&gt;
    <strong>&lt;span class="k-button-text"&gt;...&lt;/span&gt;</strong>
&lt;/button&gt;
</code></pre>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## PanelBar

* Expanded items (`li.k-panelbar-item`) render a `k-expanded` CSS class instead of `k-state-expanded`.
* Child item groups (`ul.k-panelbar-group`) no longer render `k-group` and `k-panel` CSS classes.
* The [`<ContentTemplate>` wrapper]({%slug panelbar-templates-content%}) (`div.k-panelbar-content`) no longer renders a `k-content` CSS class.
* The `li.k-panelbar-item` element renders a `k-panelbar-header` CSS class only when it is a root PanelBar item.

## PdfViewer

> * The PDF document container (`div.k-canvas`) renders a `k-enable-text-select` CSS class.

Author: ```suggestion
* The PDF document container (`div.k-canvas`) renders a `k-enable-text-selection` or `k-enable-panning` CSS class, depending on the current component state and the user. By default, the PDF Viewer is in text selection mode.
```
